Tesing In Java-Script :
AS A Developer we need to do Unit Testing and End-End Testing.
In order to perform Testing in Js we need.
Testing File Herirachy first we need to make folder a npm mange folder in order do This
1.npm init (Runner-mocha)
2.we create app.js file to write our Functions
3.create A test Folder name as test inside this folder we create a js file where we need to write test cases.
4.In order to do testing we need testing libary and Test Runnner inoder to perform Testing
TestLibary      TestRunner     
chai              mocha --Widely is used for pure js Testing.
Enzyme            jest--widely used for React.
jasmine           Karma--widely used for Angular.

In order to get local both test libary and test runner.
we run a command "npm install --save-dev chai mocha
Note:Here we used flag save and dev which is used to represent where these dependendencys are dev dependency not need in productuion Region.

Inorder to make avaliable the functions which are in app.js to test file we used to wirte the function with the special Syntax.
by using module.exports={
welcome:function(){},
add:function(){}        ----- Here functions are written in key value pairs key's act as function Names.
}

Inside Test Folder we need to import the our app.js file in order to test the functions to do that we use following Thing.
const {welcome,add---These are method Names which we want to import into our Test file}= require('../app').

Inorder to use functions inside Testlibary(Chai) we need to import that libary.
const assert=require('chai).assert;--Here we are just getting assert function from the the chai Module.

 After that we need to write our test cases.
 
 describe("Title of testing Anything",function(){
 it("",function(){
  var result= wecome();--Here we are calling fuction which we have imported from the app.js file.
  assert.equal(result,"hello")--Here we pass two arguments where to check if two values are equal then test case pass otherwise testcase fails.
  
 })
 it("",f(){})--To test another Test case.
 
 
 })
 
 
 
 Inorder to run test cases we need to do "npm test"
